README.md, before:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This is a simple Hello World that provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type aware lint rules:

- Configure the top-level `parserOptions` property like this:

```js
export default {
  // other rules...
  parserOptions: {
    ecmaVersion: "latest",
    sourceType: "module",
    project: ["./tsconfig.json", "./tsconfig.node.json"],
    tsconfigRootDir: __dirname,
  },
};
```

- Replace `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended` to `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended-type-checked` or `plugin:@typescript-eslint/strict-type-checked`
- Optionally add `plugin:@typescript-eslint/stylistic-type-checked`
- Install [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react) and add `plugin:react/recommended` & `plugin:react/jsx-runtime` to the `extends` list

Commit message:

Updated project setup and README
The project setup has been updated to include ElectronJS, Forge, Tailwind, Vite, and Shadcn. The README file has been revised to reflect these changes. It now includes instructions for starting the application in a development environment and building it for production. Additionally, a new screenshot was added to the assets folder.

README.md, after:

# React, ElectronJS, Forge, Tailwind, Vite, and Shadcn

This is a simple Hello World in ElectronJs that provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

# Usage

This project uses Electron Forge to simplify the process of working with Electron. To start the application in a development environment, use:

npm run dev

This command will launch the Electron application with hot reloading enabled, allowing you to see your changes in real-time.

# Features

Electron: For building cross-platform desktop apps with web technologies.
Electron Forge: Provides a powerful set of tools to simplify the creation and distribution of Electron applications.
React: For building the user interface using components.
Tailwind CSS: For styling the application using utility-first CSS framework.
Responsive Design: The application is optimized for both small and large screens.
ShadCn : For using the components and styles from ShadCn.

Building for Production
To build the Electron application for production, run:

npm run make
